I never meant anything I said just
never said anything I meant I never said the letters that I should have said the
choice asking too much for you all to believe [Music]
[Applause] never knew what I was talking about anyway
[Music] welcome back to season three we have
another crack at seven weeks yes yes
beautiful I love it it's great to be back had a great working vacation
um was given my uh was given our work and
we have a great show for you tonight all I'm going to do
is bring out in front of you the words
from antiquity and we're going back to Lady Babylon but this time
it's lady Babylon Rome
[Music]
oh that's fantastic I'm gonna bring up a series of tax dudes
tonight and what we're doing is we're setting
are sites to the West okay we've been to the crime scene we've seen Jesus arrested
with the naked boy at 4am um we know that he was calling himself a
sex trafficker we know there are drugs involved we're
looking for the cult we're we're trying to dive as deep into it as we can
possibly get why not go to the founder of all this mystery
yes why not go to the founder herself and that's what we're going to do tonight so we're jumping out of the east
in the West to the dropping off of the sun and the
arrival of night um this is gorgeous this is gorgeous
um what do we bring who do we summon tonight oh we're bringing
a North African oh I've you know I forgot to make a let
me just make an announcement for the chat people people that jump on there yeah
be cool be cool or Get Zapped yeah be
cooler Get Zapped this is a good place to come right okay so don't bring any of that
racism misogyny you know whatever your values
are we don't care we don't okay leave that stuff outside
outside um or Cersei will zap you Cersei please
jump on jump on we need this right
Human Sacrifice love it it's delicious so we're going to the west and we're
going to North Africa we're going to dredge out of the soil from
late 5th Century a very special
lawyer this lawyer was was boy did he have the
sources well educated his was that Latin yeah
anyway um and what he did was he preserved for us some of the most culty references
possible this is the he has preserved the actual
functioning of the mystery many of you will say mystery mystery look it's all on YouTube
and we're all figuring out the mystery mystery mystery right and where's it from oh it's from the secret and right
and okay we're coming away we're stepping away from that crowd that wants to take us in the back right we're
remembering that it's good technique this season right we're gonna practice
that we're stepping out we're gonna say okay just let us look at the cult
tonight I just want you to see the cult through lady Babylon
right right Scholars with their books and their selling and their position
trying to give you their theories that's not for us we just we're detectives we
want to know what was the reality going on and so in order to get there
tonight we're going to start our Johnson to Rome with dracontius
dracontius don't you love that it means a draco right it means the the Dragon
um anyway uh he was preserved he preserved for us these
strains of cult in an opinion an opinion and what
dare you ask is an opinion it's a short Epic
okay it's a it's a metrically and epic it's short and
um yeah he wrote One he wrote One
I did some time in prison too there were Wars going on twin
Christian and non-Christian and it was going against it was terrible
a a disturbing time disturbing times
I can smell it can you smell it okay let's pull out some dracontius
Let's Get Serious put on some dracontius and tonight I want you as you're sitting on that throne
as you are within asterian right I want you to go ahead and look at these images
we're looking at images we're going to be working with the words but we're looking at the images
Chewie number one text please
I just want you to see I'm gonna sit here as the voice and I'm gonna try not to yell here I don't want to yell so why
don't I do this yeah what we've got here is that gold and
artifact it's protected by a dragon yes and on that skin and what's funny
the word for parchments used so it is implied that there is writing
that that song that is being said water that that song is what that Guardian is
is guarding it's what that dragon is watching yes but look what we get here
and the third line
isn't that nice isn't that nice look at this the first ioson
was a rapist of the burning purple
isn't that nice isn't that nice
and so I want you to see that we're right there right from the beginning so
he's gotten us to the fleece and he's letting us know um and I want you to get prepared for
all the snakes and for all the um we want to see the right as it's being performed we want to go there
directly right so okay we're just settling in give us another one another
oh isn't this wonderful look at the second word sitha um that's her
right he's describing what Medea um is doing and he says she is Sita
right you those of you who are who are um lovers of that history and I know
those are those of you are here just notice just sit back those of you who said
scythians scythians somebody said scythians just don't
scythians what about these people yeah well her
name is Sita gorgeous
um same text again please chew it
um she's amazed right right she's amazed at this process that's going on
next one please yeah Aurora notice the name Aurora rutilans
capilos she's calming her red or glistening red
root salons is like I don't know it's just it's a description of the glowing
that you have oh yes here we'll do this a description of the glowing that you have
um when Aurora appears it's a Sheen from her
hair and it is rutilon's oh isn't that nice
her hair is puni chaos puny chaos yeah gorgeous gorgeous could you uh
could you give us back that text Chewie thank you yeah and what is she doing and
she Combs her hair ante diem Kwai moxom
yeah she's flowing out she is pouring
out Dawn EOS look at that last word eom
yeah there's a diagram in that you know we're gonna see this that diagama most
people go ahead and bring me out most people think of the diagama from the Mycenaean Greek that's going back to
about 1600 BC yeah that Mycenaean Greek is the um
carrying that dicama but people refer to that as the origin and that the Romans cross the Adriatic
they really picked up through the Etruscans this association with the
diagama but there's a pulaskia note in this and the pulaskian culture we're
talking about older older do we have that math there you can show some people with references we'll
get there we'll get there in the sources yeah or here we go look oh this is trippy what's going on look right here
that's fine look here I am above the world and look at all of the places that
they have gone look at the Pulaski and culture these are all references right
so you got them heavy we also have them here we also have them right here oh that's nice Lesbos you know they call
the Island of Lesbos um pulaskia isn't that nice the land of
the pulaskians and this is the same thing we're getting in Northern Italy
through the Etruscans um the tyranoi right the atrocities didn't call themselves Etruscans man
that's never how it works out historically right that's what somebody else called them right the tyrannoy or
the tearsenoi um have a pulaskian
root so this is an older culture that's Bronze Age Bronze Age when you're
thinking Mycenaean you're thinking getting into late middle late bronzes you're getting into the late Bronze Age
boom you got this explosion of the of this right this mystery right so this is
really going back to the origin um yeah even the sea remember the the C
we're gonna see the sea in a minute and we're going to see it through the purple this is oh my this stuff is okay buckle
your seat bouncer go outside and talk to the wind for a minute but yeah
buckling this is gonna be good okay let's get let's get another uh reference up fantastic yeah oh this this is um
um Juno yes asking Cyprus right
um for help right and she says send that boy love right
what is he he's carrying a quiver right my Cyprus yeah and um let that we are
all go see that last word on the second line that weirago is a that's Eve that
we saw before that's how we translate Eve in the oldest of the um Latin
versions right and so yes the only one that works that means
um lead from man right like the text says it's the only one but that we're
ago is that old Etruscan Minerva it's that some people would translate it
virgin but um what is she she's she that's a special word used in cult
and that means she who carries the diamond that's the inspired one okay so
we're talking about a weirago which is a um
a you typically described as a manly
girl as a manly girl yeah
um as a girl who is not yet developed yeah
sexually but is developed muscular wise yeah and you know gymnasts you know
kinda or somebody that you know you go into
battle with or that you hunt with that's what a weirago is Right a lion Huntress
Cyrene is that weird ago okay
um I think it's beautiful uh um portrait because what we're doing is
we're assembling a portrait of lady Babylon go ahead that same yeah yeah right
um so let her fall by that by fire that fire of yours that burns you know let
the fuhrer um teach us to love right because that's what she has Medea has that food or
right and then a little bit he talks about um let her just you know walk away
from the shrines of the Goddess what Goddess the Goddess Diana who carries
the uh quiver right she's trying to take control of this
what is she well so far we know she she is an oracle
all right remember she's one of the captives one of the we just read the
first Ya song so right you think the name Jason is the dude's name no it's a
title with an occult right the first one of these
abducted her the burning purple
Isn't that cool Isn't that cool that's amazing yeah
through a series of Kings we go right loving it loving okay give us more text
man what what's there about Medea please oh okay now this is I'm just gonna go
through I'm gonna fly through this and I just want to set a picture for you yeah so I'm gonna start translating now
ah it pains my soul to tell you
of the Abominations of the black virgin
foreign
to show God's taken captive to show the manipulation of elements to
show nature given to serve a girl
the word there is Puella that he's using right remember she is in this state of
not yet having finished puberty
yeah very tall yeah very tall but with the appearance
with the gynomorphic appearance right the the androgenic
appearance of approximately a 12 year old
thanks to the Babylonians they were the ones that figured that out um and there she is in that year
preserved with those serpents
yeah oh it's this is um this is good stuff this is this is cult
right here I mean we just is it is it me or did we just land in a giant
I mean we just showed up and here everybody's got the robes and every you know here they come
this is gorgeous bring us up another one the same text please same text
yeah so um what does she say what does she say she says
um um I am able right this is what she says
but he um the poet is saying it it really shouldn't be done I
shouldn't be saying this anyway so um I hate to show you the naphos this is the terrible things that she does turning
you know God's captive and controlling nature itself right
what else does she do she brings the stars of the pole
that is the pole stars and for those of you who are reading the PGM the Papyrus magikai
um tune up and uh okay here are your poll Lords
and the course of Phoebus and the stars of the kylam of the heaven right what
does she do she moves these by her own arbitrio by her own will
right the will mulieris the will of the wife which dracontius is real real real
strict about saying look in your Trinity you have Hera Aphrodite and Minerva and
don't forget it right so you're going to see each of these three coming out in this okay and this is all framed of
course within the oracular cult right so I've got the curses foibi okay good okay
because line six because what she orders right that nephos that she orders right
that's what happens when she commands The Ether
to send out the flames oh isn't that gorgeous you've heard this
convention from Antiquity you've heard about this convention it's called Drawing down
the fire yeah or the fire of Uranus
yes and it's a special thing it's a special production that the only a Maga
would understand how to do only someone with the purple would understand how to do it's the
breathing of the fire they um they would say the breathing of the
fire and people wanted to see her
gorgeous bring that up one more time that big text one more time please thank you
yeah um her voice
cuts through the air and makes the living and the dead
when she herself turns back fate
to a course that she would want
she is the one who is given the sacrifice of The Stranger
she runs through the temples of scythian Diana
we are steadfastly in the Crimea yes gorgeous
Paul see that look at Line 11. Paul see that astricore
she possesses the star-bearing heaven
in her abominable breast
and she presses the Gods with her prayers this weirago
says do what is unwilling that she wants
love it she sings songs in different languages
and burns in appearance
she says names the names
and these things it is indecent for a poet to learn
we will sing like Paul hemnia the mother of Orpheus
right so this is the work of Paul hymnia
the mother of Orpheus yes nice
um love it okay so let's look at her and see what kind of person lady Babylon is
I'm gonna go a little bit over so um just hang in there it's a little bit
long I'm sorry and I thank you for your time Chewie hit the next quote please yes
um this is now Venus right we're all here gathered waiting for the Morning Star right so
this is Venus and she says my child is here
he's sprinkling the air with many types of flowers
he breathes out an ambrosial order
right odor that's what happens when Arrow shows up
right when a more shows up he suddenly can smell the ambrosia
you know that spring Ambrosia okay and while
um while she was talking lascivious Venus was talking uh her son came and
um hovered over her over her gramium um what's that it's a lap it's a lap on
Helens do you know what love does love sits over the lap
of Aphrodite breathing
the vapor yeah breathing that Vapor I'm talking to you
about it deep deep mystery
yeah let's keep keep hunting here love it keep going
we've got a few more uh next please
um yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes who is this Eros Pirates
oh yes that just means the Flaming one right the Flaming one right what is he
he is that men's [Music] that burning mind
of the cosmos right yes
he is that vapor poly of the pole what kind of vapor that
one that produces that second vapor
he is the continuance of things the succession
right he is the affection he is nature he is type he is the source the fountain
the author the beginning you
you great Amor are the generative health
yes you are that walluptas you are that Pleasant thing to be desired you are the
prin caps and for those of you who don't recognize him he is the principz Piet
artists the prince of religious piety
yes yes another one please
yep so here we are who is this Medea look at
line 136 and look at the last two words
yeah Medea sakurdos uh first word on the next line sacrilega
Medea is the sacrilegious
priest yeah think about that for a minute
she is the one who brings the Abomination the anti-religious
religion that is the oracular
it is the base of the oracular tonight's subtitle was why must Christians lie
they must lie because they must find a way out of themselves
yes yes bring it up
we've been all talking about the truth and who is lying to us
lies lies lies yes yes right bring us the oracle
she won't lie to us she has no reason to okay the dude I'm sorry but your dude
was arrested in a public park at 4am with a naked boy yelling about child crediting
okay ah another source let's do this
yeah so this is who Juno is seeking right this you and him
this human and pellaskum right she wants there to be some choice
and some loving and some helping and some Desiring right some breathing in
and out with this you and him pulaskum
this youth this young man this Pulaski and Prince
right and that's why she needs the medwa that's why she needs her next one please
I just want you to see that um the Pirates are showing up I want I want you to see the Pirates
coming to this but when I say Pirates forgive me uh Grand Master Depp
um but uh when the Pirates show up we're talking about child traffickers is what
we're talking about we're not we're in a we're in a different place so when Jesus is yelling about himself being a
Buccaneer he's not talking about the swashbuckling type that you might want to have dinner with he's talking about
the um type that or stealing children for
the sake of the sex trade yeah which is not funny but when you
think of Jesus in that context it kind of gives you like an ew like an
icky feeling like look we have to be honest we cannot cover anything up we have to get on give us another another
Roman Source give us give us tricontius speak dragon speak yeah Bacchus Bacchus
right shows up right Bacchus why you need to know that when you're dealing
with Medea you're dealing with you're dealing with the bucket cult yes yes during her existence as she
walked around she was called Diana right it wasn't her
being named after the god it was her
she was the source she she was the source of dianic worship
all right she has the right to kill The Stranger
it's gorgeous absolutely gorgeous um we're going to get into the death and
stuff I'm telling you the drugs don't worry the drugs will ground us that's our Salvation these drugs will ground us
because they're going to show up here in the text in a minute you're gonna be like oh yeah a lot of people tell me
that all the time they're like oh I didn't think you actually met or I didn't think that there was actually
support for this or I didn't think that there was you were actually right right
it's not about theories and it's not about writing books and keeping your
position and establishing a hoo-ha bruja it's
about those texts and about our integrity all right the translation of those texts
that's really what matters here so let's go back let's let's keep
jumping in see if we can go a little bit deeper thanks for your patience tonight next quote
yes okay um on the second line on the second line down cognosco how do you like that it
sounds like a little more Barry White in there maybe cognosco
I recognize secrets that's Medea talking
she understands the secrets or the hidden things of the
polls do you know who she is do you know those poll Lords
SI morbus edit if there will be disease
if war is undertaken if it rains and
floods everything out or if the sky
is blazoned with the horns
of the red flames kurusket in Latin is a great verb it
actually does it it it's the image of horns driving through something love
that and yeah look at the last this is a really cute I mean this is the most
hilarious thing I've seen this bottom line here at Tu medium crazy yasan
right so she's addressing that first that first um
you could say rapist um and not be wrong because he's a dude
on a boat who sails in a town abducts a woman and
sails away right so look at what look at what the medwa
has to do right and he's just the first
he's just the first the dude comes in and he takes for the sake of sexual
purposes yeah he abducts
for the nymphising of the virgin
yeah yeah now it happened to be and we're
going to get into that with the dragons that um uh remember that Medea is involved at a
very high level of late Bronze Age Society she is a queen and eventually
she ends up um um with what you could call as the the
origins of the medo-persian power yeah
yeah as a matter of fact we call them medes because of her name
yeah Medea right the medewa
the dewanasa yeah or the deewana
yeah nice it's gorgeous a lot more of it's coming through the Latin than you think right everybody's been emphasizing
and I have for the first two seasons I've been giving you all Greek sources
well as any philologist and this is what separates when you're out there shopping
around and somebody's telling you this is the Mysteries blah blah blah right
ask and they say Greek blah blah blah you can test them if they
can't do ancient Latin sources good ancient Latin sources then
uh don't believe them because their Greek wasn't gained through the Avenue
of classical philology yeah right and every classical philologist
takes for granted that these two cultures
produced languages that interacted with each other
and that hide the the real goodies
the real goodies right like what's the difference between a Greek guys right
and somebody a Marcus uh and from the Latin tradition yeah what's the
difference this kind of thing is important anyway more tax somebody bring
the tax chew it another tax please yeah right right I just want you to see that magnum
look at that last word Magnum right that's her she is a Maga she is a Maga
so she is a queen right she is royalty yeah and um we're building temples tour
we're building temples to her um on our side of the fence on the western side of the fence we call her
angritia isn't that nice we're gonna see that in
a second it means serpent means serpent yeah gorgeous love it lady Babylon
good another source oh look at this here's our on Quest
here's our enqueues what are these serpents what do they do they we Brunt
they bring about vocally sibila
civilizations whisperings
under their Viper teeth under their Viper teeth
these anguists you know a lot of Greeks bring it back up because now I'm gonna
look this is inevitable you're gonna get this there's conflicts and Antiquity
right linguistically there's conflicts and people will argue they'll tell you no no this is a Greek word of Greek
origin and the other side Romans would be like no no there's a Latin word Latin origin here but most of the time you can
tell pretty easily but sometimes they fight over the concepts
and um that's what you're going to see here but bring up that text again
same one please do
there we go so that last word uh sorry the last word anguish their serpents so
angitia or anguitia we have a temple to her and we know from our ancient
authorities that that's what they called Medea in Italy okay okay and there's
Temple stir anyway look at the first word sibila
yeah you want to say are civilizations the same thing the
Civil gives off and the Greeks say no no it's not it's C Sybil is from C
plus boule C plus Boule the Greek which means Council and C is the tyrannian
or Etruscan for those Gods thank you John
so is there an Etruscan connection there was C Boule perhaps
these whisperings the civilizations
right are associated with oracular cult
the Civil who is that serpent I mean they're calling her for Frick's sake uh
pythia [Music] Medea is the one that started this
if you don't believe me ask pindar who provides her in a fourth pythian out
he provides her prophecy that came from her mouth when she was on the island of
pharah it was preserved
by the pythian Priestess
that was in wrapped up in what uh pandar was describing so anyway I'm good
stuff no let's get come on more more we're almost we're almost through it you gotta I just want to see it Lucifer's
there fantastic right fantastic there we are Lucifer right very important Aurora
that's why he saw Aurora before because you know that what family are we in we're in the family of the dawnbringers
right these are the dawnbringers okay oh look at this okay now for those of
you who think you're so smarty smart here is something
out of her lips right so we're within cult we're looking
at imprecation right that's coming from her
it's coming from the source of the burning purple she says Soul testis hours
grandfather son Witness yeah sun is an s-u-n right soul
and for those of you who don't smell Rome yet you should start to now because the worship of soul is very important
this is her aus her grandfather
oh do you like that do you like that Percy's and mithras oh that's me if you
don't love that you're in a bad place guess where this is coming from guess
where Mithra or Mitra is coming from is coming from the dawnbringers
right Luna deck was noctis Moon
that beauty of night Fourier the furies wait a minute yes Medea who
is the Priestess of the right
the right to murder The Stranger she's that Priestess
and she is invoking her grandfather
mitras beautiful and we have the furies right because
this is the abominable right we thought it was over but when you
stand before those Gates it turns out the universe strains you
Pro serpina and pluton oh this is a death cult this is an underworld death
cult yeah you're right that's why it's wrong for the poet to know this
wrong for the poet to profane but how is Medea described as the profaning
Priestess are you beginning to see Lady Babylon
's Animas yeah receive the souls radiating Sun
you the bodies Luna the nutrient of the Soul
um lovely um at the very last the line look at the
last word this is a gorgeous word umbras uras
umbras it means shades Shades those shades of those who came
before us right the leader of night
will bring those forward death
the dead shall rise again can we get a little less of the background I hope that backgrounds
that's not creeping in let me know in the chat if you're picking a background
um fantastic um one more let's get another let's get another one please
um I just wanted to see Moses is here [Music]
right but here he is right we dug up Moses tonight and he don't be surprised
you saw the snake thing you saw a fact that he made a little tent where you
could walk into it and if you didn't pass out you could hear the voice of
Jehovah you heard that right he's the Muse baby right this is uh by the way
this is a pretty contemporary stuff you know what I mean so um Moses it turns out was one of the
earliest Corruptions of Medea's mystery
yes Moses isn't that neat Jesus came later and added another Corruption of
the right and for those of you who need it more directly Judaism and
Christianity are both The Offspring of pagan mystery
a thousand years before either of them had anybody on the scene in diapers
yes this is wonderful let's go another one yes um she she has a chariot right she
has a chariot which is a fearful thing and um these dragons
right they offer up to her right they they give her their necks
yes these dragons who carry her song it was dragons that showed up
the night that she burned let's turn the we're gonna we only have like two quotes
left so we'll get to those but I want you to know the night I'm going along I'm sorry the night that she burned
right so get this in your head she is a queen
in Exile and she is
um she one night she Burns the princess and her father to death in
a wedding that was with the yasan premise first first Jason and for those of you
have made the connection yet to Jesus it's the same name it's not Hebrew it's
the same name in Greek yazon is a title within mystery cult
just like Christos yeah
that's interesting so this guy that got arrested in a public park called Gethsemane at 4am with a naked boy
and was calling himself a child trafficker
um he was using a title within a mystery quote that had to do with the
transmission within the blood um of the new life
yeah yeah the mystery is not a question it's an operation it's a performance
yeah and we know that's why that naked kid was with him right there were snakes and
stuff he had to bring up the snakes but let's get to this last for those of you who doubt who doubt that our snakes are
so important here even after we dredged up old Moses and forced him to lift up his staff with
a snake on it he could turn this thing into a snake you know what I mean
gorgeous um even after that if you don't believe me I'm telling you um they're they're
working on this medically with dotes and antidotes and let's look at some why the
snakes why the snakes people are gonna you watch within a within a period of time people will
catch on to this in Classics and history and they'll say what about the Venoms
used as drugs right it's just the way I started spouting this
um years ago trying to get people's attention but nobody reads these tags dracontius they're
who reads dracontius nobody like bring him back up come here
buddy get up here bring him another uh another jacontius
yeah auspicious
you hear a little bit of the this is a couplet right ah ellijayak couplet it's got a line of
hexameter and line of pentameter it loses a foot
somewhere in the middle anyway um you can hear a little bit of it there kind of probably set the no Rhymes
because we don't rhyme it's more sophisticated right it's meter
anyway um let's translate this right so your ass
can kill you right but your your snakes also are medicines right they also have
medicines this says right your vipers you know oftentimes help
right and oftentimes they kill they kill it look at this here is the
here is the um here oh yeah I feel like glow can you feel like look warm it's
like around this midsection it's like a a bottom glow we'll call it
yes right no offense Sir With It
um yeah now I forgot where I was look what happened I'm lost
um here we are the Vipers can help and um they can kill right so this whole
idea of this balance between the doubt and the antidote don't think that it's
not there it's it's the central heart of the mystery
um is there one more give me one more quote here I'm sorry oh this is gonna wrap it all you guys are gonna love this
I'll try to talk again kind of more seriously delicious
[Music]
oh isn't that nice conkula yeah that shell that little creature
brings us the Delights and the death
from that deep deep wave
yeah she brings forth the true riches
of the burning purple
in that second line of the couplet padalaji is a word that you can use to represent
the sea or specifically the sea mollusk that gives us the purple
that is our Phoenix our Phoenician power
yes you should see it and that's why that Phoenician princess
what is your name what is the name she's royalty she's the Priestess of a start
right I think you call her Jezebel Jezebel
love it love it lady Babylon what does she have on her forehead
she has one name she of a thousand names has one name
mystery it was hers historically she started it
it was only uh it was only accessible through her
is that is that our final that's your final quote right good um I also there's a lot
um from dracontius over the next uh six weeks we are going to
focus on the Roman side we're going to focus on
yep on the this being the first week for the next six times that we meet we're
going to focus on that burning purple and upon finding it and looking at the
um the right as the exercise of regenerating the
oracle so lady Babylon
can be made visible that's what they call it
making the invisible visible yes it's it's gorgeous and
I will be bringing out little bits of draconthius here and there that are at the point that I think that would be
most appropriate um but I do have a game plan for this third season
and we will be jumping into some rich rich Waters that you're not going to get
if you want to sit around listen to people's theories right we don't need theories right we don't need to sell
books we're not sell books brother right all right um I think what I'm going to do is is
invite uh quick here for the last 10 minutes to invite Snappy and uh Rob do
we have Rob here as well what um why don't we start with Snappy and snappy tell me uh
uh your Reflections tonight on what on dracanthius I'm I'm completely blown away it's it's
absolutely uh amazing um it is it connects all the dots and it
shows that this tradition had survived well into the Roman times and like it's everything you've been talking about
it's I I I'm still processing I need some time
awesome awesome Rob what are you what's your uh by the way it's Snappy you're
gonna have to defend your title right because you and clonius are kind of co-champs next Friday we'll have a fight
night a Fight Club um and uh I'm looking forward to it looking forward to it so we're gonna do
it anyway next Friday um Rob what are you what's your impression any impression or anything
yeah I feel sick that was a that was a big meal a lot of courses that was and
it's everything I want today it's it's beyond um
it's just it's wrote all this in poetry is this all in poetry I mean I'm tying
up so many ends here I mean you got Jezebel
where's the prince Isabel where's the prince and then you bring in
the prince caps and that sees it and I'm
connecting just I I can't I can't get over it be honest with it this is One Source who's brought
us it's just unbelievable it is
where can you get this material if I want to read all this where can you get it
it's just amazing yeah you know that's a good question that's a good question Rob where can you
get this and I was inviting how's he writing this is it is it poetry is it
verse sorry yes yeah it's verse yeah and it's in the verse that is used by the
um oracular Cults it is the dactylic hexameter and um so when of course
winonas who's writing his great epic of Dionysus he's going to use the same
um way of poetry the same Melody right the same marching uh order that
um the priestesses who are performing these rights that they're using right so
there's a level of authenticity to what dracontius is doing and honestly some of
the vocabulary that he uses is just it's incredible it's it's
um um you can see the influence of the Etruscan right it's right right there
out in the open and um the richness of this bronze this early Bronze Age cult you know which if
you can get just a glimpse of it you're a good you know you're in good shape but that's what the language does it brings
us that um uh let me ask Snappy Snappy how's your um
project of interviewing going I mean I've I noticed that you're getting
you're kind of getting more focused what are your interviews going to start kind of what do you want to focus on
um well right now I'm I'm focusing on interviewing people who have been connected to this and I've been enjoying
the conversations here uh tomorrow I'm going to be talking with uh Nick
cathonius who uh it's the joint Fight Club winner that should be good tomorrow night but really what I focus on is is
magical practice and how we actually utilize these this these Mysteries and
what you've been showing us and what we've been doing here like there's been so much discussion about things like the
sortes and necromancy I really want to explore those Topics in depth and I want to have
um additional speakers who know about that kind of History come on as well ah see how see how that sounds good yeah
no that's see that's alluring that makes me wanna oh yeah fantastic Rob what are
you what are you doing for the world Rob Landing Greek at many that's why that's
where my focus has been but um we need somewhere where we can go and meet and we're kind of restricted
at the minute so I'm not going to go into details but coming Wednesday I think we might have a
well we will have a solution there'll be another Discord going live on Wednesday
and I'll give the address out and and I'll be prepared and ready for it but
um it's rather focusing on these episodes this episode is like the epitome of what
this Discord will be about the sources And discussing what's what's
in them and what's in the episodes strictly the episodes that's all I'm really here for and that character
let me ask you this question let me interrupt and ask you this question I'm trying not to Interruption I'm trying
not to scream into my mic anymore these are these are things that we notice as
we're watching a former season so I'm gonna try to try to be more professional this way
um Rob you're just tell the group you're you were not a classicist you didn't you
didn't study this when you were young you're coming at this new and yet you're
diving into the language and I'm gonna make you dive into the Latin now right
which is great because I get to spank everyone I love it but um tell tell the
group you know what that means to you like because you know it's something come back you know in the middle of your
life to come back to something that's totally new like this but you see that there's there's a reason for it um tell
us like you know what motivates you it's
it's comp I'm compelled every day each and every day see
bye bye this morning I woke up and I've come
down and I've made sure that I can remember all the declensions for the nouns and I want to write this all out
but what what where that comes from is um
it's just a fascination where where I'm coming from and I'm
going into something through you that is it's it's just compelling fascinating
and drives every each and every day at the minute and
um it's only increasing because you're saying now Latin is going to come to the
front and then keeping up with everything is is hard
work it's hard work but I don't I can't come away from it there's no coming away from it that episode is just
shown so many ends up for I knew it'd be good I knew
that episode would be good and I I hope people go back and watch it again because there's so much in it and draw
out what the what what is in it because it's pretty damn
conclusive what the the path of the Ark you've just took it on has taken us to
any covers all the research I've been doing for the past two years and it's coming
from a Latin a Latin source and he's giving you the diagram which is the
indication and it it's the it is showing you where this is originating through
the language and that to me is is Magic
well we've got to get sweaty and in the pit with the uh with the Romans yeah
we're gonna get naked in the pit with those mythrake um officers yeah we've got to get in
there I love this and um there is
there is so much that I want to share with you um that it is uh you know that allows us
to build that scene better so that we can just see what's the freaking reality right none of us we're not here to start
cold somebody was asking me um about uh what kind of people do you
want listening you know do you want participating um I want all kinds of people I don't
care what you are you know um I don't care what your uh what your
religion is I don't care what group you're in I don't care where you go hang out and you know wear jackets I don't
care about that stuff um none of that stuff is important and here we preserve the Integrity of the
Muse we go right to those texts and we work with those texts if that can help
you to break into the reality that look Jesus Christ was a dude who got arrested
by the legitimate authorities um in a public park with a naked kid
okay calling himself a a sex pirate right okay
um what happened in that picture right there's a reason to this right it's not
the fairy tale world that's what I want is uh and I'll end with this by asking
snappy snappy are we break talking through to um to the reality uh is this
productive or you know what you I'm giving you the last word yeah I mean it
it's beyond productive like I don't understand how people can't see these things we have these titles we have
these positions like it's explicit now when we when we see what Eason is doing
right and then you look at all of these other characters it's almost like laid bare and why this is so important is
because there's been a cover-up there's been an orchestrated effort to remove this kind of magical connotation and to
whitewash and sanitize Jesus and everything he's about and it doesn't know we can't allow that you know
I could not I could not say that better hail Satan hail Satan
[Music] [Applause]
[Music]
just put all different masks ask the questions that that fellow